Added README.md for SDKGen tests (#12311)
pulumi/pulumi: pkg/codegen/testing/test/README.md

# SDK Codegen Tests

TestSDKCodegen runs the complete set of SDK code generation tests
against a particular language's code generator. It also verifies
that the generated code is structurally sound.

The test files live in `pkg/codegen/testing/test/testdata` and

> are registered in `var sdkTests` in `sdk_driver.go`.

Reviewer: This bit is outdated now.
They're now registered in:

```
pkg/codegen/testing/test/sdk_driver.go
84:var PulumiPulumiSDKTests = []*SDKTest{

pkg/codegen/testing/test/program_driver.go
56:var PulumiPulumiProgramTests = []ProgramTest{
236:var PulumiPulumiYAMLProgramTests = []ProgramTest{
```

(These are exported because at least pulumi-java's codegen tests import and use this var directly.)

So maybe:
```suggestion
are registered in the following globals in pkg/codegen/testing/test.

- sdk_driver.go: `PulumiPulumiSDKTests`
- program_driver.go: `PulumiPulumiProgramTests`
- program_driver.go: `PulumiPulumiYAMLProgramTests`
```

An SDK code generation test files consists of a schema and a set of
expected outputs for each language. Each test is structured as a
directory that contains that information:

```
 testdata/
     my-simple-schema/   # i.e. `simple-enum-schema`
         schema.(json|yaml)
         go/
         python/
         nodejs/
         dotnet/
         ...
```

The schema is the only piece that *must* be manually authored.

Once the schema has been written, the actual codegen outputs can be
generated by running the following in `pkg/codegen` directory:

> ```bash
> $ PULUMI_ACCEPT=true go test ./...
> ```
> 
> This will rebuild subfolders such as `go/` from scratch and store
> the set of code-generated file names in `go/codegen-manifest.json`.

Reviewer: We should probably mention how to narrow it down since there are so many tests.
````suggestion
```bash
PULUMI_ACCEPT=true go test ./...
```

This will rebuild subfolders such as `go/` from scratch and store
the set of code-generated file names in `go/codegen-manifest.json`.
To generate the code for a specific directory in testdata,
run the following instead:

```bash
PULUMI_ACCEPT=true go test ./... -run TestGenerate/$dirName
```

````

(Also, I dropped the `$` at the start because you marked this as a bash command. This keeps it easily copy-pasteable.)
